1. Title Page 

2. Documentation

3. Abstract

4. Table of Contents

5. List of Figures & List of Tables

6. Abbreviations and Definition of Terms

Chapter One: Introduction 

1. Introduction to the study(contextualizing of the study)

2. Background to the Study(conceptualizing of the study)

3. Problem Statement

4. Purpose of the study/General Objective/aim of the study(defined from title)

	1. Specific Objectives.

5. Justification(describe the primary benefactor and how they'll benefit)

6. The Scope(shallowness or depthness of the study)

7. Limitations(optional)

Chapter Two: Literature Review
(what it serves: Compare methods that have been used to solve the problem.
To be able to clarify theories used in a similar situation. What are the main issues in my area of interest? What is already known and is relevant to my particular situation? In light of what has already been written, in what ways is my study important, that is how it will add to what has been written already)

1. Introduction

2. Objectives
(refer to elearning guidelines)

Chapter Three: Methodology
(same as proposal except for tense)

Chapter Four: System Analysis & Design

1. Introduction(Review the objectives and describe them briefly e.g. the objectives were describing a,b,c. Factors that determine a good support system)

2. System Requirements

3. System Analysis (Describe the tools used and show how)

4. System Designs(more detailed)
NB:Remove diagrams from chapter 3 and use them in chapter 4

Chapter Five: System Development and Implementation.

1. Introduction

2. System Development tools used(Describe the tools used and show how used e.g. segments of code, screenshots. Explain your figures)

3. System Implementation(Include core functions)

Chapter Six: Conclusion and Recommendation
(Conclude basing your argument on the specific objectives. Recommendation: how best to implement the system. Reflect on your objectives to identify key findings that you can use to find synonyms)

1. Conclusion

2. Recommendation

3. Future work(Things that you could have been able to do but didn't. Things that can be improved and HOW they are to be improved)

References 



Appendix
(Parts of the system you couldn't exhaustively explain of your system development and implementation)

